v1.0.0

System Requirement:
-  Typical Hardware Configuration
   Server: 
        Intel Xeon 6xxx for 4K video; Intel Xeon 8xxx for 8K video
		memory >= 128GB
   Client: i7-6770 + 8G Memory
   
-  OS Requirement:
   Server: CentOS 7.4/7.6
   Client: CentOS7.4/CentOS7.6/Ubuntu18.04
   
Features: 
-  OMAF Packing Library
   1. Generate OMAF compliant DASH MPD and tiled-based mp4 segmentation.
   2. Support OMAF viewport-dependent baseline presentation profile and HEVC-based viewport-dependent OMAF video profile.
   3. Support viewport-dependent extractor track generation and relative meta data generation
   4. Support tiled video processing with multi-resolution content
   5. Support modes: VOD and Live Streaming

-  OMAF Dash Access Library
   1. Support OMAF-Compliant MPD file parser; 
   2. Support Tile-based MP4 segmentation (media track and extractor track) downloading and parsing;
   3. Support Viewport-dependent extractor track selection and reading;
   4. Support OMAF-compliant metadata parsing;
   5. Support HTTPS/HTTP;

-  360 Video Processing Library
   1. Provide a unify interface to process tile-based HEVC bitstream processing and viewport-based Content Processing;
   2. Support HEVC bitstream processing: VPS/SPS/PPS parsing and generating, 360Video-relative SEI Generating and parsing, HEVC tile-based bitstream aggregation;
   3. Support Viewport generation, viewport-based tile selection and extractor selection based on content coverage;

-  Reference OMAF Player
   1. Support Linux platform with OpenGL rendering
   2. Support OMAF-Compliant Dash source and WebRTC-based tile source;
   3. Support ERP-based 360Video Rendering;
   4. Support Tile-based 360Video Rendering;
   5. Support Intel Gen-GPU Hardware acceleration with GPU is presented in the system; 

-  FFMPEG Plugins
   1. Demux plugin with OMAF Dash accessing support;
   2. Multiplexing plugin with OMAF Packing library support;

Know Issues:
-  Cube-map projection format hasn't been support yet;
-  Audio segmentation hasn't been support yet;

